#LyX 1.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 2.15
\textclass article
\language default
\inputencoding latin1
\fontscheme times
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

oAESis specification
\layout Author

Christer Gustavsson
\layout Abstract

This document specifies the design and internal structure of oAESis.
\layout Section
\pagebreak_top 
General
\layout Subsection

Introduction
\layout Standard

This document specifies the design of oAESis.
\layout Subsection

System Overview
\layout Standard

TBD
\layout Section

Internal structure
\layout Standard

Internal interfaces and principles are discussed in this section.
\layout Subsection

Server
\layout Standard

The server handles things that have to be shared or synchronized between
 applications.
 It may be implemented as a device driver or as a standalone process.
 Services that the server offers shall be quick for it to complete.
\layout Subsection

Client library
\layout Standard

The client library is the link between applications and the oAESis server.
\layout Subsection

Launcher application
\layout Standard

The launcher application is a GEM application that handles starting of accessori
es and programs.
\layout Subsection

Startup sequence
\layout Enumerate

Start server
\layout Enumerate

Start launcher application
\layout Subsection

Interface between the server and the client library
\layout Standard

All data passed between the client library and the server shall be in network
 order.
 Its size shall be well defined.
\layout Section

Application interfaces
\layout Standard

All external interfaces are discussed in this section.
\layout Subsection

Client library API
\layout Standard

The client API honors Atari AES as described by The Atari Compendium.
\layout Subsection

Resources
\layout Standard

Resource files and resource structures are compatible with Atari AES as
 described by The Atari Compendium.
\layout Section

References
\layout Enumerate

The Atari Compendium
\layout Section

Terminology
\layout Enumerate

AES
\layout Enumerate

API
\layout Enumerate

Client library
\layout Enumerate

Display
\layout Enumerate

Network order
\layout Enumerate

Resource file
\layout Enumerate

Server
\the_end
